fix: removed step 28 and fixed issue #44836 (#44856)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-the-css-box-model-by-building-a-rothko-painting/step-034.md

---
id: 60a3e3396c7b40068ad6998c
title: Step 34
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-34
---

# --description--

The colors and shapes of your painting are too sharp to pass as a Rothko.

Use the `filter` property with the value `blur(2px)` in the `.canvas` element.

# --hints--

> You should set the `filter` property to `blur(2px)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `filter` property to `blur` the painting by `2px` in the `.canvas` element.
```
